► Fixed verification check only checking Xbox 360 files.
► Removed the Unlock Tails' Flight Limit tweak in favour of the new patch.
► Migrated update servers to the Big Endian 32 repository.

Sonic '06 Mod Manager - Version 3.32

► Added verification check for when users fail to extract the game's ISO properly.
► Fixed patches not showing up in the Mod Creator.
► Changed how patches are updated.

Sonic '06 Mod Manager - Version 3.31

► XEX decryption now forces decompression for more correct output (REQUIRES PATCH UPDATES).
► Added a small options menu for updating patches.

Sonic '06 Mod Manager - Version 3.3

► Added check to ensure Java is installed.
► Added catch to Win32Exception when certain prerequisites are missing.

Sonic '06 Mod Manager - Version 3.29

► Actually fixed the PKG API regression this time.

Sonic '06 Mod Manager - Version 3.28

► Added top and bottom iteration (right-click the up/down buttons).
► Added priority iteration for patches.
► Added WriteBytes function.

Sonic '06 Mod Manager - Version 3.27

► Fixed regression for the Copy function.

Sonic '06 Mod Manager - Version 3.26

► Fixed regression caused by the new PKG API.
► Removed pkgtool from application resources.
► Available drive space is now checked when unpacking archives.
► Rewritten the patch script deserialiser.
► Added PackageErase function to remove PKG entries.
► Added Search function to filter specific search queries.
► Updated StringReplace function to parse line breaks.

Sonic '06 Mod Manager - Version 3.25

► Added better PKG reading and writing to the patch scripts.
► Added MST reading and writing to the patch scripts (see the documentation, for more information).
► Added a context menu to the install button when right-clicking.

Sonic '06 Mod Manager - Version 3.24

► Fixed application hanging for awhile with no network connection.
► Added mod stacking debugging feature.

Sonic '06 Mod Manager - Version 3.23

► Fixed Patch Creator not using correct formatting for filenames.

Sonic '06 Mod Manager - Version 3.22

► Mods can now require patches.
► Mods can now have 'hybrid patches' for merge edits.
► Mods can now specify if ARCs in the custom list will be added to a custom filesystem.
► Added a mod troubleshooter to the debug menu.
► Fixed PackageEdit not editing events with the same name as the key.
► Custom filesystems can now be merged with other mods that use the same archive name.

Sonic '06 Mod Manager - Version 3.21

► Added more verbose debug messages for mod/patch/tweak installation.
► Added an option to save the debug log to a file.

Sonic '06 Mod Manager - Version 3.2

► Fixed a crash when cancelling the browser during first time setup.
► Fixed reset option clearing application data only, rather than the settings too.
► Added a debugging option to allow for loading snapshots.
► Added a new WriteTextBytes function to the scripting language.
► Removed EncryptExecutable function and automated it after all patches are installed (PlayStation 3 only).
► Removed debug flag for console logs, so debug mode doesn't need to be enabled for error logging.
► Patch filenames now use Pascal Case by default.
► Better error handling for patches and tweaks.
► Debug logs can now be copied to the clipboard easily.

Sonic '06 Mod Manager - Version 3.19

► Fixed globalisation issue with languages that use commas as decimal places.
► Set Field of View box to increment by 0.1 to account for the float.

Sonic '06 Mod Manager - Version 3.18

► Field of View now uses a 32-bit float, rather than a single byte.

Sonic '06 Mod Manager - Version 3.17

► Fixed the Field of View modifier not doing anything.
► Improved All Systems mods.

Sonic '06 Mod Manager - Version 3.16

► Fixed the ParameterRename and PackageEdit functions calling incorrect variables when recursive.

Sonic '06 Mod Manager - Version 3.15

► Fixed software updater not switching to the backup server.

Sonic '06 Mod Manager - Version 3.14

► Fixed ParameterAdd function calling incorrect variable when recursive.
► Added Begin with Rings to the Tweaks section.

Sonic '06 Mod Manager - Version 3.13

► Updated the Delete function to allow folder deletion (only inside archives).
► Added WriteNullBytes function.

Sonic '06 Mod Manager - Version 3.12

► Fixed mod installation priority not being restored on launch.

Sonic '06 Mod Manager - Version 3.11

► Re-arranged mod configuration files to add the description above the Filesystem section.
► Fixed paths being called as 'illegitimate' due to an incorrect cast.
► Fixed Field of View patch being forced on with the PlayStation 3 version.

Sonic '06 Mod Manager - Version 3.1

► Sonic '06 Mod Manager now installs the GameBanana registry key per user on the computer.
► Fixed Mod/Patch Editor not allowing content renaming.

Sonic '06 Mod Manager - Version 3.09

► Sonic '06 Mod Manager now checks if the Game Executable exists and isn't null before uninstalling content.
► Added support for command line arguments when launching emulators.
► Fixed crash if the Game Executable is empty.

Sonic '06 Mod Manager - Version 3.08

► Added support for custom Xenia builds.

Sonic '06 Mod Manager - Version 3.07

► Fixed 1-Click Installer not extracting 7Z/RAR files.
► Added language modifier to the Emulator section.
► Added descriptions to all options in the Emulator section.
► Fixed ARC repacker not cleaning up temporary data.

Sonic '06 Mod Manager - Version 3.06

► Fixed camera tweaks being reset on launch.
► Moved the install and play buttons outside of the Mods section.

Sonic '06 Mod Manager - Version 3.05

► Added new functions to the patch engine.
► Added support for PlayStation 3 executable patches.
► Patches now support any executable.

Sonic '06 Mod Manager - Version 3.04

► Fixed crashes for PlayStation 3 compatible tweaks.
► Disabled UI elements that are incompatible with the PlayStation 3 version.
► Fixed the Patch Editor erasing functions upon editing.
► Fixed the patch updater crashing if there's an empty line in the repository information.
► Added system specifications to snapshots.

Sonic '06 Mod Manager - Version 3.03

► Added snapshots for developer debugging.
► Fixed mod uninstallation clashing with patch uninstallation.
► Fixed XEX not being backed up when using a custom Field of View.
► Improved the ignore list for patches.

Sonic '06 Mod Manager - Version 3.02

► Now checks if Java is installed before applying patches and/or tweaks that require it.

Sonic '06 Mod Manager - Version 3.01

► Added an option to disable mod uninstall on launch.
► Added checks to Rename and RenameByExtension patch functions.
► Fixed accent colour not applying to selected sections on launch.
► Fixed colour inheriting from Windows not allowing new colours until two attempts.

Sonic '06 Mod Manager - Version 3.0

► Sonic '06 Mod Manager has been completely rewritten.
► Entirely new user interface.
► Easier to use.
► It's still a Mod Manager.